
## 1.1 Algorithms

***
### `1.1-1` Give a real-world example that requires sorting or a real-world example that requires computing a convex hull.
***

#### `Answer`
* sorting by price on a shopping site.
* when designing a car it is necessary to measure the convex hull of the car to measure wind resistance.

***
### `1.1-2` Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?
***

#### `Answer`
* Memory usage
* Cache locality
* Bandwidth
* Hardware usaga (cpu etc)

***
### `1.1-3` Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.
***

#### `Answer`
Linked List
* +Dynamic data structure: There is no need to give initial size of linked list.
* +No memory wastage: Size of a linked list can increase or decrease at run time so there is no memory wastage. 
* +Implementation: Data structures such as stack and queues can be easily implemented using linked list.
* +Insertion and Deletion: Insertion and deletion of nodes are really easier. We just have to change the address present in next pointer of a node.

* -Memory Usage: A linked list requires each node to contain a pointer and extra memory for itself.
* -Traversal: Nodes traversal is difficult in linked list. If we want to access a node at position n then we have to traverse all the nodes before it.
* -Reverse Traversing: In linked list reverse traversing is also difficult.


***
### `1.1-4` How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?
***

#### `Answer`
* They are similar in that they both try to find the shortest path with minimum cost.
* They are different because the shortest path problem finds a path between two points. The traveling salesman problem finds the path that covers all points.


***
### `1.1-5` Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which a solution that is “approximately” the best is good enough.
***

#### `Answer`
* Sorting of a list (only the best solution will do)
* Finding a shortest path in a city map
